Alrighty, so getting started
with our development process.
In this video, we'll cover steps one and two
of updating a CartService to read the data
from session storage and also adding that new method
in CartService, that new method, persistCartItems.
So I'll just move into my coding here to my service
and my cart.service.ts.
And I'll move down here,
and I'll set up this storage variable.
I'll assign it to sessionStorage.
So that's a reference to the web browser's session storage,
and we get access to this object for free.
So now I'm moving to my constructor here.
I'll read a little quick comment to myself.
So I'm going to read the data from storage.
So here I have let data equals JSON.parse,
this.storage.getItem, cartItems,
so cartItems is the key.
And, remember, you can use any name.
Just stay consistent throughout your application.
And so, the JSON.parse, it basically reads that JSON string
and converts it to an object.
Okay, now I'll just do a check
to make sure it's not equal to null.
And then I just make an assignment here,
this.cartItems equals data.
And then I'll just compute the totals
based on the data that's read from storage.
So I'll make use of this.computeCartTotals.
All right, so that covers everything
for reading the data from storage.
Now we're going to move ahead to step two
of adding the new method in CartService
for persistCartItems.
So I'll just scroll down a bit,
and I'll add in this new method here, persistCartItems.
And so now I make use of this.storage.setItem.
I give the key, cartItems,
and then I make use of JSON.stringify, this.cartItems.
So, remember, cartItems is the key,
and then this.cartItems is the value.
And we take this value and we stringify it,
so JSON.strinify will convert the object to a JSON string,
because, remember, the API only works for strings
for the keys and the values.